How come?
Wan Jie sent a dozen people to bet on Miss Yang
Fortunately, Miss Yang is a bit well-loved
Only slightly injured
It's really hard to find people like young master
Has he always been this lawless?
That's right, the matter of ten thousand calamities?
It gave grandpa a headache too
It's because of the tribulation
It's also hard to keep grandpa in the family
OK, got it.
You rest first
eldest young master
What's wrong with you, young master? Are you not happy?
What's up?
Great Saint, what are you doing?
I will be sorry.
So I heard.
Wan Jie has prepared a wedding banquet for you
Ah!
I heard that he also invited a lot of celebrities from Amami
Many people will come back by then
But I don't want to marry him.
Oh, I see.
Let the wedding go on as normal
I will go there too
What do you want to do, master?
Of course it's a good show
That's not good, is he deceiving people too deeply?
I'm going to give him some color to see